Alabou review of latest IS-11 specification (#1)
alabou/is-11: docs/Behaviour - Server Side.md

## State of Receiver

A Receiver managed with IS-11 has the following states:
- `unknown` when it is not possible to say whether the active Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_flow` when the active Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).

> - `non_compliant_flow` when the active Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities). If the Receiver becomes inactive this state is preserved until the next activation.

Reviewer: Considering that "active Flow" is a not defined term, I think the old definitions are more precise.

Author: I want to make sure we refer to the active transport file .... the Flow deriving from the active transport file ... that I named the active Flow ... I also attempt to separate those definitions form the active/inactive state as mush as possible as it is for the Sender, except for non_compliant_flow ... TO DISCUSS.

> - `non_compliant_flow` when the active Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities). If the Receiver becomes inactive this state is preserved until the next activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unknown` when it is not possible to say whether the active stream is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_stream` when the active stream is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).
- `non_compliant_stream` when the active stream is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities). If the Receiver becomes inactive this state is preserved until the next activation.
```

Reviewer: Just to not forget: `non_compliant_flow` -> `non_compliant_stream`
